and there the day good afternoon family good night
embarrassments Monari
the bottom of the radial would leave the sport there
ae
where the white motorcycle
O
ae
haha ha
only the stuff
and the exit was just alves to the garden
Angela on guitar
O
the future
i
closed get that close there if
would soon spread 50 time uncle
ef
're seeing voice is the canon to shoot for
week she does not like so much
fuck to the plan stay local go
of the tactile think it gives soft
stick out for a drink
Is this my mother's family?
It's us until after the end together
there who if the pdj
The guy will fill the tire but will use the
ior
ah
and then this family only regional
west and we're together too.
until the next episode
Araya but cavalry at the time is
accompanying now white white fuck
year the bank gave among the motorcycle gangs
white basque uncle was lasko she was gave
gas and fucking gasoline and I do not
I'm going on your bike with fear I thought
boyacá rap i said caraca liked
stuff remains on the planet 'causing
uncle
My beautiful father thing
the Pope if he wants to be economical only
stop accelerating net speeding up
he fucked the family because he was wanted in
bombs to spend anger here because
exhaust system that you put
there and the stuff is adrenaline crunk
to stay calm a crazy baby to
Human whoa for this beautiful girl
netwall tac easy né
The break but it got beautiful and golden net
to whistle wheel to be a trickster
on each wheel it will get top car up
I started to ask ath
That 's it , family until the next episode.